Fix issue to be able to order with BankAccount or CreditCard (#390)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/r/cloud_project.html.markdown

## Important

> -> __NOTE__ To order a product with terraform, your account needs to have a default payment method defined. This can be done in the [console](https://www.ovh.com/manager/#/dedicated/billing/payment/method) or via API with the [/me/payment/method](https://api.ovh.com/console/#/me/payment/method~GET) routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> __NOTE__ To order a product through Terraform, your account needs to have a default payment method defined. This can be done in the [OVHcloud Control Panel](https://www.ovh.com/manager/#/dedicated/billing/payment/method) or via API with the [/me/payment/method](https://api.ovh.com/console/#/me/payment/method~GET) endpoint.
```
